# What's it been like maintaining a blog for 3 days

###### [2022 08 13](post-index.html#2022-08-13) by [envyniv](mailto:envy67@protonmail.ch)

_My experience maintaining this blog_

---

Most of these last few days has been dedicated to getting this blog _just right_.

Down to the tiniest tag inaccuracy or css imperfection (funny, I still have to fix tags)

It's been a draining process so far; But I'm fine with the hurdles, the "growing pains" i've met so far:

> Post titles don't appear in the index page!!!!!!
> WHYYYY?!?!??!?

which, btw, i ended up fixing by changing the python script:

    for post in posts:
      with open(post, 'r') as file:
        title = file.readline().rstrip().removeprefix("# ")
        file.close()
      
      with open(post, "a") as file:
      ...

before, I only had the `with open(post, "a+") as ...`

which, while would work for everything else, it didn't work for reading the first line

TIL: `a+` puts the cursor at the end of the file *for both reading, and writing*

might sound obvious, but i had made an error in comprehension and thought that, while the cursor for _writing_ would be at the bottom,

the one for _reading_ would be at the top.

Funnily enough i did search it up, and got no results.

Either i'm the only dumb [mf](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motherfucker) in the python programming landscape, or i just typed my query wrong and [ddg](https://duckduckgo.com/) didn't get what i was looking for.

> My scripts save shit in the wrong places.
> I just formatted my hdd trying to save an HTML file. heh.

... Ok. That didn't happen. not while making this at least.

~~I was trying to automate compilation for [LH](https://envyniv.github.io/Project-Hope) releases, it was over a year ago.~~

Overall, despite the initial, primal rage that awakens within me when my scripts crash, I'm having tons of fun making this.

~~Hell, now that I have this, I iust might delete [twitter](https://twitter.com/domi_turnell)~~

Also, I'm really enjoying writing blog posts. I could get used to this.

NEXT UPDATE:

                                                                            
     ▄█▀▀▀█▄████▀▀▀███  ▄▄█▀▀▀█▄███▀▀██▀▀███████▀ ▄▄█▀▀██▄ ▀███▄   ▀███▀▄█▀▀▀█▄█
    ▄██    ▀█ ██    ▀█▄██▀     ▀█▀   ██   ▀█ ██ ▄██▀    ▀██▄ ███▄    █ ▄██    ▀█
    ▀███▄     ██   █  ██▀       ▀    ██      ██ ██▀      ▀██ █ ███   █ ▀███▄    
      ▀█████▄ ██████  ██             ██      ██ ██        ██ █  ▀██▄ █   ▀█████▄
    ▄     ▀██ ██   █  ▄█▄            ██      ██ ██▄      ▄██ █   ▀██▄█ ▄     ▀██
    ██     ██ ██     ▄███▄     ▄▀    ██      ██ ▀██▄    ▄██▀ █     ███ ██     ██
    █▀█████▀▄██████████ ▀▀█████▀   ▄████▄  ▄████▄ ▀▀████▀▀ ▄███▄    ██ █▀█████▀ 

                                                                            
(Y'know, the fancy menus that you can click on that lead you to different parts of a page, right? I'm introducing those next update!!!)


(...)


(maybe, that would require me editing the markdown parser.)

Dunno when i'm gonna start working on that, but for now, I need to take a break from this thing's drunkenly bodged infrastructure.


Also, i've replaced markdown.bash with [_the_ markdown parser](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/)

See you next post,

***envy***.

---

>#### tags : [thoughts](post-index.html#thoughts) [plans](post-index.html#plans) [rant](post-index.html#rant) 

