# TIL: How to bodge a blog from scratch

Hello, and welcome to the first serious post on this blog of mine! I'm gonna cut to the chase and talk a bit about the behind the scenes.

I've been wanting to make a blog for some time, mainly to publish notes and give out updates on my projects.

But everytime i looked up stuff like `how 2 setuPP jekyll with my poopoo html` i was put off by the tutorials. Heck, I tried following one and it just didn't work.

Another thing i dislike about Stuff like Hugo and Jekyll is that, to run them, a standalone webserver is needed.

And, while, yes I do have the technical skills to set one up (It really isn't hard, at all.) I just felt that a webserver for my shitty blog would be overkill.

(Also I'd need to set up stuff on GitHub, which annoys me.)

So, I thought of parsing Markdown files into html and then showing those.

"It would only require a script and some time" - I thought to myself.

And I was... _somewhat_ right, actually.

Why somewhat? because i can't `bash` were it for the life of me.

It's just... so unnatural to me. The problem mainly arose when i got to parsing a JSON into a dictionary, and found out that bash doesn't have those.

So, being a python shill, that's what i went with;

And that's why the write script calls `python3 index-man.py`, because I felt that learning [_Associative Arrays_](https://linuxhint.com/associative_array_bash) were too much of an issue for something supposed to be a quick bodge.

I also initially wanted to parse markdown myself, but got lazy and opted for [markdown.bash](https://github.com/chadbraunduin/markdown.bash/)

I plan on eventually<sup>TM</sup> porting `index-man` into bash, but for now...

I'll just focus on fixing my website. And maybe keep working on [Last Hope](https://envyniv.github.io/Project-Hope/).

~~Hopefully those two html tags i used for a joke don't break the whole thing~~

## Edit

Funnily enough, as soon as I saved and wrote tags, the whole thing broke. Turns out I didn't write the script I use in my aliases properly. Should be fixed.
